rules to live and study by this week. 

so.. i know these sound tough. but you are in a tough situation. to survive ^^ you need to follow these to the best of your ability. 

best of your ability. one of the easiest ways to achieve this is to sincerely and deeply desire to the outcome you are hoping for. 

desire is an easy way to achieve your goals. but the only *hard* thing about it is that it takes time and dedication and rememberance. which is not that hard to be honest. ^^


rules----------------------------------------
1. you need to be more angry. well not really angry. but have a certain prince zuko like attitude and desire to fight against whats wrong in the world.

2. you should not watch youtube or very attractive things to relax. this too many times has wasted too much time and drained your desire

3. to relax you can daydream, nap, walk (pacing in your room), listen to background music or ---. naps should be on desk or chair. napping in bed becomes a sleep. 

4. drink lots of water. even if it means that you will have to pee a lot. water will keep you energized ^^.

5. dont need to follow pomodoro to the letter, but should try to give yourself a break every 25 mins. 

6. for motivation, you can think about your family and other things. also about elon musk, mike tyson, quotes, tesla, tyson's career and personality

7. for happiness when you are in the trenches working -- this is the tough one -- i dont have a good solution off top of my head. but ^^

8. for num7: pay play. after every hardship.. follow 1-6. pain and struggle is unavoidable, but it becomes accepted and not hated once a person truly has a strong desire ^^. 50% pain. and a 100% reason to ...  cristiano ronaldo early years. desire -> struggle. every story almost. 

9. your desire doesnt have to be shallow or superficial. it can be deeper and not easily seen in the actual thing you are working on. it can be the deeper things. 

10. break down your tasks into easier and easier parts. smaller and smaller parts. think, ask questions, break down, write small goals. 

11. Korean homeless boy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKqf0BvAAaQ














